Befor My Dad and Mom Marrage
Your Brother Ded, before you.
Fight with u r parents and Relatives
Your Mother paid amout for my dad Bus charge
I faced ear issue 
After some time I faced asthama. but i dont about specific desease.("I creied for breathing issue")
Maths and sindhu Teacher
After i joined navodhaya coaching when i was in 5th class
i lved her more up to Inter one side.
i am average student in class.
and my small small inventions in home.

about GT Sir, and his science student.
and after 8th i joind Adarsha . 
i met liketha as our classmate.
and abhi and my friends.
liketha bench story.
adarsha and science teacher.
GN English Sir. and he noted on me.
and i was drives a bicycel in 5th and i am the first.
and also in Adarsha Who drive bike for class.
everyone treated me like comedean manoj story.
and i joined same tution with her becoz of (Arpitha)
Her onside lovers warned me becasues abhi leaked our one side love.
liketha cant share her answer sheet with me.
and hindhi sir about 98 , 99 marks.
liketha scolde on clay modling.
and after some time i came out of 10th class.


Inter
Inter 1st year lo first 5 days happy
then entry of my enemies of same shoolmates
then they created group with local boys
they torcherd me. and abhi also
and i dont like background and i started my own wepon creating.
they treated me like shit
and vishwa sagr and he treated me like poor.
and strugle for money.
and every tinny friends tease me and torcherd me.
and most of them shows sympothy on me and they helped me ("Ram krishna", "Naveen Mams", "Vinay" and more)
and abhi teased me because i suffering for asthama and he also faced it
and after sometime we came out of it. i mean Inter
and u r strugel in studies and marks

Degree / Graduate

i failed to join Eng/Doctor.
i planed to rewrite CET for Eng. but my fater aposite for it.
And someone makes influence to my dad to make him join to BSC degree.
i dont know about degree. and i made call to my dad and i joined it.
after some days i joined it.
and i meet again vignesh as roomate.
and she was bussey with her girlfriend and he locked me out to talk with her girlfriend.
after i contact warde to change room.
after sometime i feard of his anger.
afetr i joined with them becox of drinking.
and we became closer.
and more.
we changed mess. and mess auncel warning.
Mess auncel he agreed.
after that we changed agin mess with aunty.
and after sometime we bought puppy form aunty mess.
we grow them silently and more.
after this lockdown become started.
and we spend more time in home.
after we enjoied more in lockdown.
and on 2nd lockdown vignesh pick my laptop.
after this prajwal came to hostel and its became too dangerous.
we statrted weed. and me made more fun.
and vignesh torture and basava anna Torture
my father and vignesh bonding.
vignesh blockmailed me with emotenal.
i cried more.
and i failed in degree and i attempt to sucied.
afetr we changed hostel for some reason. {weed}
and about Harshith.
sms and call bombs
and agin we faced more strugel. as roomate.
we grows weed and 2 head snake. and pejion and cat story, and dog
asthama became zero.
and my laptop and linux story and coding jarvis and more
speakers and laptop enjoyment and more.
and i cleand 2 months unwashed plates and pathra and mess plates more than 40 plates in our roome. 
class bunks and more with BCA students.
on my Birthday viswah hand shakes eated of gobi hand.
and vignesh blockmail and his dog food.
our payments limit in santhi nagar.
my 4k deposit with vignes.
my hacking tricks on collage website.
my wifi jamer.
and manjushree and her same lab with mask love story.
i found her phone number and name frome chemisty lab.
i backlogs and sylabus changed after u r fail and lockdown story af failed physics
i invented bombs, and guns, but i feard about crackers when i was in child wood.
and sherly madam. and hod principal.
about her warning to i will make suffer in future.
my class mate dont know about me.
my friends helped me to comit with her.
prajwal and my bonding in chemistry.
and more.
and ambreen warning.
hampi trip and shirt story.
your fame after sometime in colage. you classmate treats me like hero.
and krishna and his school story and he was Rymac and fight for street dog with vignesh and krishna supporters.
Story on muslim rowdy anna dhawood birthday.
and everything went wrong at night.
what he tret if i eat too much and faster.
prajwal fighting at send off.
and more.


and some banglore story.
I coverd my backlogs bygoing banglore.
banglore hostel story.
anglore anna and naveen bonding.
drinking chicken and more funs in MG road.
my hacking class,
my startup failure.
Best usres responce.
website baned by google.
after it takes more than 3 monts.
trip with chandhan anna.
i made call to my father after i drunk some time.
movie with prajwal.
user login problem with stawro.
and GK offers me job to do. and solidity.
my coding fault.
AWS Anna Website.
Trip With Hrshith for goa.
my hostel shifting to room.
and vinodh and his pichi story and he feard of my talent.
then i got you.
and i changed agin to somewher in banglore and i again started weed with roomates and my hard work
and i cried for krishna help and more
and i meet again sometime prajewal in banglore and enjoyments in ching loog and more funs.
and more.

